alright guys welcome
this is timid would have walking around
two words Lauren picking up some flowers
and then he hear a big roar and
something breaks out of the bushes and
here this kablammo they're brand new
reaper bones were wolf nature painted up
ready for battle
there you have it i show you the actual
model in an unboxing video and here is
the painted guy i choose a little bit
dark flesh color for the skin this is
actually dark flesh from CW the old TW
paints and a black fur and I like the
contrast of this two colors
there you have him paint it up I got two
more of those guys as a unit for my
magic kings of war undead army and this
is the model right out of the box
and the other two guys I think I will
convert I really don't know or when I
when I have enough time to do this but
this is the first nature of the three
you are inter free paint it up I
actually use four colors for the main
parts this is an dark flash from GW
bleach powered from VW for the skin tone
it's just dark flesh highlighted by
mixing in some bleach bone and caius
chaos black folder for the four
drybrushed with and with some gray tones
I think fortress gray and code x-ray so
you actually need the five colors and
some red for the eyes and for a
tournament which bone for the claws and
teeth and yeah that's it actually so I
hope you like this guy I like to mention
it's quite cheap it's 160 or $2.00 for
piece and you have a really nice
Manchuria thanks for watching guys
please like this video comment and
subscribe if you want yeah everything is
welcome and is awesome thank you guys
bye bye